capital = 274

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 15

recruit_character = GHA_acd2
recruit_character = GHA_communist_guy
recruit_character = GHA_acr
recruit_character = GHA_fascist_guy
recruit_character = GHA_aa2
recruit_character = GHA_democratic_guy
recruit_character = GHA_ncm
recruit_character = GHA_nt
recruit_character = GHA_awt
recruit_character = GHA_ar
recruit_character = GHA_stc
recruit_character = GHA_ai2
recruit_character = GHA_aco2
recruit_character = GHA_ncs
recruit_character = GHA_coi
recruit_character = GHA_acgs
recruit_character = GHA_acas
recruit_character = GHA_pot
recruit_character = GHA_nccr
recruit_character = GHA_mt


1939.1.1 = {
	
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = large_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {
		tech_support = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		gw_artillery = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 30
	fascism = 0
	communism = 70
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Kwame Nkrumah"
	desc = ""
	picture = "gfx/leaders/GHA/Portrait_Kwame_Nkrumah.dds"
	ideology = leninism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Kofi Abrefa Busia"
	desc = "POLITICS_LEON_MBA_DESC"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/Africa/Portrait_Africa_Generic_2.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = conservatism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}