capital = 328

oob = "MAN_1936"

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
	#mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
	}
}	
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
	    early_destroyer = 1
	}	
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	}
}

recruit_character = MAN_zhang_jinghui
recruit_character = MAN_zang_shiyi
recruit_character = MAN_aisin_gioro_puyi
recruit_character = MAN_aisin_gioro_pujie
recruit_character = MAN_zheng_xiaoxu
recruit_character = MAN_zeng_qi
recruit_character = MAN_li_huan
recruit_character = MAN_zuo_shunsheng
recruit_character = MAN_aisin_gioro_xiqia
recruit_character = MAN_xu_fulin
recruit_character = MAN_yang_jingyu
recruit_character = MAN_li_zhaolin
recruit_character = MAN_zhou_baozhong
recruit_character = MAN_zhao_shangzhi

#ministers
recruit_character = MAN_chu_kudo 
recruit_character = MAN_bao_guancheng 
recruit_character = MAN_liu_menggeng
recruit_character = MAN_luo_zhenyu
recruit_character = MAN_sando
recruit_character = MAN_sasaki_toichi
recruit_character = MAN_etsusaburo_shiina 
recruit_character = MAN_harumichi_tanabe 
recruit_character = MAN_Tong_Jixu
recruit_character = MAN_yangsanjab
recruit_character = MAN_yuan_jinkai 
recruit_character = MAN_yuzhan 
#recruit_character = MAN_zang_shiyi
recruit_character = MAN_nobusuke_kishi 
recruit_character = MAN_yoshisuke_aikawa
recruit_character = MAN_razabu_saga 
recruit_character = MAN_qimotesemupile
recruit_character = MAN_zhao_jianbo 
recruit_character = MAN_zhang_yanqing 
#recruit_character = MAN_aisin_gioro_xiqia
recruit_character = MAN_lin_sheng
recruit_character = MAN_guifu
recruit_character = MAN_xie_jieshi 
recruit_character = MAN_george_bronson_rea 
#ВСЕ остальные министры должны быть удалены !

#generals
recruit_character = MAN_zhang_haipeng
recruit_character = MAN_yoshiko_kawashima
recruit_character = MAN_guo_wenlin 
recruit_character = MAN_ganjuurjab 
MAN_ganjuurjab = { 
	set_character_flag = MAN_mongol_general
}
recruit_character = MAN_zhengzhurzab 
MAN_zhengzhurzab = { 
	set_character_flag = MAN_mongol_general
}
recruit_character = MAN_runqi 
recruit_character = MAN_urzhin_garmaev 
recruit_character = MAN_yu_zhishan

#generals - focus
recruit_character = MAN_wu_yicheng
recruit_character = MAN_ding_chao
recruit_character = MAN_yao_zhenshan
recruit_character = MAN_tang_juwu

#other
recruit_character = MAN_masahiko_amakasu
recruit_character = MAN_naoki_hoshino
recruit_character = MAN_li_yanlu
recruit_character = MAN_wang_datai
recruit_character = MAN_choi_yeongon
recruit_character = MAN_feng_zhongyun
recruit_character = KOR_kim_il_sung
recruit_character = KOR_choe_hyon

if = {
	limit = {
		has_start_date < 1936.01.02
	}
	declare_war_on = {
		target = YCP
		type = civil_war
	}
	add_civil_war_target = YCP
	add_ideas = {
		local_war
	}
	YCP = {
		add_civil_war_target = MAN
		add_ideas = {
			local_war
			YCP_china_youth_blood_army
		}
	}
}

recruit_character = SOV_grigory_semyonov
SOV_grigory_semyonov = { 
	set_character_flag = SOV_exiled_army_leader
}

set_convoys = 20

1939.1.1 = {
	if = {
		limit = { date < 1941.12.4 }
		add_to_war = {
			targeted_alliance = JAP
			enemy = CHI
			hostility_reason = puppet
		}
		
		add_political_power = 1198
		add_command_power = 100
		
		#generic focuses
		complete_national_focus = army_effort
		complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
		complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
		complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
		complete_national_focus = naval_effort
		complete_national_focus = flexible_navy
		complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
		complete_national_focus = construction_effort
		complete_national_focus = production_effort
	}

	oob = "MAN_1939"
	set_technology = {
		#doctrines
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 95
	monarchy = 5
}

add_ideas = {
	CHI_backward_industry3
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}





1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	remove_ideas = {
		CHI_backward_industry3
	}
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
	
	set_popularities = {
		monarchy = 95
		fascism = 5
	}
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = monarchy
		elections_allowed = no
	}
}