capital = 1136

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}


set_popularities = {
	fascism = 28
	neutrality = 21
	communism = 11
	democratic = 32
	monarchy = 6
	trozkism = 0
	anarchism = 2
	technocracy = 0
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

add_ideas = {
	CHI_backward_industry1
}

every_other_country = {
	limit = { affects_chinese_region = no }
	add_opinion_modifier = {
		target = MEN
		modifier = CHI_not_clique 		
	}
}

every_other_country = {
	limit = { is_independent_china_or_warlord = yes }
	add_opinion_modifier = {
		target = MEN
		modifier = CHI_chine_clique 		
	}
}

recruit_character = MEN_altanochir
recruit_character = MEN_demchugdongrub
recruit_character = MEN_ulanhu
recruit_character = MEN_jodbajab
recruit_character = MEN_babadorj
recruit_character = MEN_yondonwangchug
recruit_character = MEN_shagdurjab
recruit_character = MEN_wu_heling
recruit_character = MEN_degulai
recruit_character = MEN_namjilsereng
recruit_character = MEN_gala_monk_yesi
recruit_character = MEN_serengdongrub
recruit_character = MEN_nima_odsor
recruit_character = MEN_gongchok_lashe
recruit_character = MEN_toktaghu
recruit_character = MEN_pandegunchab
recruit_character = MEN_buyingdalai
recruit_character = MEN_linqin_sengge
recruit_character = SHX_fu_zuoyi
recruit_character = SHX_dong_qiwu
recruit_character = SHX_sun_lanfeng

1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	remove_ideas = {
		CHI_backward_industry1
	}
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
}