capital = 121

#oob = ""

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = SCO_ncm
recruit_character = SCO_acd2
recruit_character = SCO_democratic_guy
recruit_character = SCO_fascist_guy
recruit_character = SCO_coi
recruit_character = SCO_ar
recruit_character = SCO_aa2
recruit_character = SCO_awt
recruit_character = SCO_acgs
recruit_character = SCO_mt
recruit_character = SCO_nccr
recruit_character = SCO_aco2
recruit_character = SCO_nt
recruit_character = SCO_communist_guy
recruit_character = SCO_pot
recruit_character = SCO_acas
recruit_character = SCO_acr
recruit_character = SCO_stc
recruit_character = SCO_ai2
recruit_character = SCO_ncs


1939.1.1 = {
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = flexible_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {

		#doctrines
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		synth_oil_experiments = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		oil_processing = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}


set_convoys = 50


set_popularities = {
    democratic = 97
	fascism = 2
	communism = 1
}
set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.11.14"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes ##suspended through duration of war, which is handled via event
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "John MacCormick"
	desc = ""
	picture = "gfx/leaders/ENG/Portrait_Britain_Generic_2.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = social_liberalism
	traits = {
	}
}

1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
}